I think I have a particular meaning and purpose of my life.
I have happy memories of the past.
I am very much satisfied about everything in my life.
In general, I feel I am incharge of the situation in which I live.
In most ways my life is close to my ideal.
The conditions of my life are excellent.
So far, I have the important things I want in life.
If l could live my life over, I would change almost nothing.
In many ways, I feel contended about my achievements in life.
l am living the kind of life l wanted to.
I find easy to make decisions.
In my daily life l get chance to show how capable I am.
I feel positive and creative.
I find l can think quite clearly.
I am quite good at managing responsibilities of my daily life.
For me, life has been a continuous process of learning, changing and growth.
I feel that I am capable of working hard.
I feel eager to tackle my daily task or make new decisions.
I feel | I can easily handle or cope with any serious problem.
I think it is important to have new experiences that challenge how you think about yourself and the world.
I take immense interest in other people.
I always keep committed and involved.
I have adjusting nature and sense of belongingness.
I feel l must do what others expect me to do.
People would describe me as a giving person, willing to share my time with others.
I have good influence on life.
It is always necessary that others approve of what I do.
Maintaining close relationships gives pleasure to me.
I experience warm and trusting relationships with others.
I believe that people are essentially good and can be trusted.
I remain energetic, active and vigorous whole day.
Thought of accident doesn't affect me.
Tension in life doesn't affect my health.
I have no difficulty in sleeping
I keep myself busy whole day.
Illness doesn't affect my mental health.
I feel rested when I wake up in the morning.
Talking or thinking about my illness doesn't make any difference to me.
Usually I don't feel tired, worn out, used up or exhausted.
Age related problems are part of life.
Personal relationship gives me pleasure.
I enjoy company of other people.
I enjoy my personal achievements.
I perform useful activities like reading, gardening, etc. in my leisure time.
I have no hesitation in talking to anyone.
I like to do any task at right place and right time.
I have good relations with relative and friends.
I feel satisfied by doing religious activities.
I like to watch programs on TV with everyone.
I am always careful about my manner of dress.